`azurerm_application_gateway` - datasource support for `backend_http_settings`, `global`, `gateway_ip_configuration` and more attributes. (#23318)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown

* `private_link_configuration` - (Optional) One or more `private_link_configuration` blocks as defined below.

* `zones` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Availability Zones in which this Application Gateway should be located. Changing this forces a new Application Gateway to be created.

> -> **Please Note**: Availability Zones are [only supported in several regions at this time](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/availability-zones/az-overview).  They are also only supported for [v2 SKUs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-gateway/application-gateway-autoscaling-zone-redundant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Please Note**: Availability Zones are not supported in all regions at this time. Please check the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/availability-zones/az-overview) for more information.  They are also only supported for [v2 SKUs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-gateway/application-gateway-autoscaling-zone-redundant)
```

* `gateway_ip_configuration` - A list of `gateway_ip_configuration` blocks as defined below.

> * `enable_http2` - (Optional) Is HTTP2 enabled on the application gateway resource? 

Author: This is at the `Argument Reference` section: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/a4d566ea65bc2fdc18422d8003c06f74fc45eb6f/website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown#L167

> * `enable_http2` - (Optional) Is HTTP2 enabled on the application gateway resource? 

Reviewer: it should be, but it's absent in the diff here?

> * `enable_http2` - (Optional) Is HTTP2 enabled on the application gateway resource? 

Author: There are duplications:
at `Argument Reference`:
https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/1bd5b7c2a17b1708b23bca84d3ab37b51f5f47bb/website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown?plain=1#L167

and at `Attributes Reference`
https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/1bd5b7c2a17b1708b23bca84d3ab37b51f5f47bb/website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown?plain=1#L696

the diff is to delete the one in `Attributes Reference` while keep it in `Argument Reference`
